Describe the method to add stored payment method from checkout (#1219)
magento/merchdocs: src/customers/account-dashboard-stored-payment-methods.md

![]({% link images/images-ee/customer-account-stored-payment-methods.png %}){: .zoom}
_Stored Payment Methods_

> ## Add stored payment method from checkout

Reviewer: The Admin user guide is written for merchants, so describing storefront procedures are customer third-person.

> 1. From the storefront, go to the detail page of the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the storefront, the customer goes to the detail page of the product.
```

Author: Done ✅

> 1. Add product to the cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Adds product to the cart.
```

Author: Done ✅

1. Proceeds to checkout.

> 1. Complete the **Shipping** step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Completes the **Shipping** step.
```

Author: Done ✅

> 1. Select the **Braintree Credit Card** payment method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Selects the **Braintree Credit Card** payment method.
```

Author: Done ✅

> 1. Fill in credit card data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fills in credit card data.
```

Author: Done ✅

> 1. Choose **Save for later use** check-box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Selects the **Save for later use** checkbox.
```

Author: Done ✅

> 1. Click <span class="btn">Place Order</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clicks <span class="btn">Place Order</span>.
```

Author: Done ✅

> The saved payment method will be displayed in the **Stored Payment Methods** tab of the customer dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The saved payment method is then displayed in the _Stored Payment Methods_ tab of the customer dashboard.
```

Author: Done ✅
